Reply-To: <butlersaunders009@gmail.com>
From: "BUTLER SAUNDERS"<info@viniwee.com>
Subject: Interim Assistance General Manager!!!51.254.223.183
Date: Sat, 11 Feb 2017 18:53:59 -0300
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

Interim Assistance General Manager,
(Operations, Maintenance, Transportation)
Harrisburg International Airport Pennsylvania
One Terminal Drive, Middletown,
PA 17057, Pennsylvania USA

Greetings,

This is my second time of contacting you. I have very vital information to give to

you, but first I must have your trust before I review it to you because it may

cause me my job, so I need somebody that I can trust for me to be able to review

the secret to you.

I am Mr. Butler Saunders, head of luggage/baggage storage facilities (Operations,

Maintenance, and Transportation) here at the Harrisburg International Airport,

Pennsylvania USA. During my recent withheld package routine check at the Airport

Storage Vault, I discovered an abandoned shipment from a Diplomat from London and

when scanned it revealed an undisclosed sum of money in a Metal Trunk Box weighing

approximately 110kg. The consignment was abandoned because the Contents of the

consignment was not properly declared by the consignee as "MONEY" rather it was

declared as personal effect to avoid interrogation and also the inability of the

diplomat to pay for the United States Non Inspection Charges which is $6,700USD. On

my assumption the consignment is still left in our Storage House here at the

Harrisburg International Airport Pennsylvania till date. The details of the

consignment including your name, your email address and the official documents from

the United Nations office in Geneva are tagged on the Trunk box.

However, to enable me confirm if you are the actual recipient of this consignment

as the assistant director of the Inspection Unit, I will advise you provide your

current Phone Number and Full Address, to enable me cross check if it corresponds

with the address on the official documents including the name of nearest Airport

around your city. Please note that this consignment is supposed to have been

returned to the United States Treasury Department as unclaimed delivery due to the

delays in concluding the clearance processes so as a result of this, I will not be

able to receive your details on my official email account. So in order words to

enable me cross check your details, I will advise you send the required details to

my private email address for quick processing and response. Once I confirm you as

the actual recipient of the trunk box, I can get everything concluded within

48hours upon your acceptance and proceed to your address for delivery.

Lastly, be informed that the reason I have taken it upon myself to contact you

personally about this abandoned consignment is because I want us to transact this

business and share the money 70% for you and 30% for me since the consignment has

not yet been returned to the United States Treasury Department after being

abandoned by the diplomat so immediately the confirmation is made, I will go ahead

and pay for the United States Non Inspection Fee of $3,700 dollars and arrange for

the box to be delivered to your doorstep Or I can bring it by myself to avoid any

more trouble but you have to assure me of my 30% share.

I wait to hear from you urgently if you are still alive and I will appreciate if we

can keep this deal confidential. Please get back to me via my private Email :

(butlersaunders009@gmail.com) for further directives

Thank you.
Butler Saunders
Interim Assistance General Manager,
(Operations,Maintenance,Transportation)
Harrisburg International Airport Pennsylvania
One Terminal Drive, Middletown.
